# SugarHigh
We have two inputs for this algorithmic problem. The first input is an array of integers. The array represents candies. Elements of the array represent the amount of sugar in candy. The second input is a threshold of sugar we can eat. The output is an array of indices of the candies that we can enjoy at once before crossing our sugar high threshold.

We make two methods for solving this algorithmic problem. The first method is for counting the maximum number of candies we can eat. The first thing we do in this method is to sort our array of candies. Our candies are sorted ascending by the amount of sugar. After that, we can easily count the max number of candies we can eat. The second method is for making subarray from candies indexes. As inputs, we have two arrays of the same candies. The first array is sorted. The second one is unsorted. The third input is a number of candies we can eat. That number represents the length of our output array. In this method, we also have a boolean variable which helps as to take candy with a lower index in a case that we have few candies with the same amount of sugar. Also, we make printing method as a separate method.

In a SugarHigh method, we will first check exceptions. If we don't have exceptions we start to solving our algorithm. First, we make a copy of our array of candies. After that, we call the method for counting the max number of candies we can eat. As a result, we have int value which represents the length of our output array. Also, we have a sorted array of candies. In a third step, we call the method for making our output array. In the end, we call the method for printing our output.
